OxyLeap

Sign up page: email id, username, password.
email id, username and password should be stored in database which is integrated to website.
bottom should be link to sign in if already registered

Sign in page: username, password.
-validate with database connected-
bottom should be link to sign up if not registered

navigate to page1: button options

"Location" - when clicked should navigate to a page with four drop down buttons side by side on same row which contains City/Town, State, County/Parish, Hospital type - options respectively.
now when selected the map should be visible with selected details location pointed and should display the best and shortest route with a line.
make use of any free map api for this but, this should be efficient.

"Health centers" - when clicked should show all the hospitals list with search method on the top right of page. And beside each hospital name a green, yellow or red mark should be made visible based on activity of active beds from dataset of each hospital with name of their Facility ID, to determine color a machine learning pattern should be analyzed from yearly entry of active and inactive beds column in the dataset.

"Emergency" - when clicked should show all the hospitals list with telephone, Address where Emergency Services is "Yes".
now, the distance from current user location and time taken along with probability of no of vacant beds should be shown.

"Acute Care" - when clicked should show all the hospitals list with telephone, Address where Hospital type is "Acute Care Hospitals".
now, the distance from current user location and time taken along with probability of no of vacant beds should be shown. 

"Critical Care" - when clicked should show all the hospitals list with telephone, Address where Hospital type is "Critical Access Hospitals".
now, the distance from current user location and time taken along with probability of no of vacant beds should be shown.

"Childrens" - when clicked should show all the hospitals list with telephone, Address where Hospital type is "Childrens".
now, the distance from current user location and time taken along with probability of no of vacant beds should be shown.

"Psychiatric" - when clicked should show all the hospitals list with telephone, Address where Hospital type is "Psychiatric".
now, the distance from current user location and time taken along with probability of no of vacant beds should be shown.

"Review" - Users can drop a review about their experience along with the star rating feature, it should be stored in records section.

"Records" - reviews should be visible over here as a timestamp. 

for probablility of vacant beds use a machine learning model from the dataset of each facility id stored in a folder in project repository.



-- hospital bio --

-> for each hospital under each category:
hospital should be clickable:
- when clicked should navigate to page -- hospital_about.html
which includes:

- hospital name
- address, city, state, county
- telephone

- description about the hospital including the year it got established, history and all the services offered along with their speciality, available timings, best time to call.

bottom of the page should show a bar graph to  determine busy hours, 
x-axis : day
y-axis : time
 
